Let's talk about the ways of requests met with HTP.
There are four basic types of requests for HGP.
Let's take a look at what those are and what's important about these four requests is that they represent
crud or create read update and delete operations.
First we have get as the name implies yet provides us the present nation of the resource.
Thinking about a method with a return type in Java yet will be providing us a return type of objects.
Second one is put put generally use to either update or modify a resource.
However in some rare cases it can even be used to create a new resource
toward one as post purpose of the post is t create a new resource from scratch depending on the type
of post and point you prepared to data that you want to be created and simply posted the form.
And the last one in our four basic methods is delete.
It's all clear and yet it's used to delete an existing resource.
Now we come to the less commonly use HGP methods first.
We have had head is short for header and is used to fetch meta data or header data for the resource
that we're interested in.
And the second one is options.
Let's assume that you want to know what 80 to be operations that you can use on a particular resource.
That's where options comes in.
You make a request of the resource with HTP options and resource gives you back the possible operations.
That's all we need to know about HTP request types available to us for various operations on resources.
Now we know the request types and of course the server around our rest interface will return a response
with headers resource when requested and most importantly our response code so to analyze the response
code with HTP requests.
I'll see you on the next video.